README.md, before:

# Slime Freighter

**What is this?**

This is a music video style VR experience made with [A-Frame](https://aframe.io). 

Questions? Comments? Bugs? Job Offers? Cool Links? Angry Rants?
- Email:  *algoraphics@gmail.com*
- Twitter:  [@algoraphics](https://twitter.com/algoraphics)

**How to use** (Sorry for non-trivial instructions, it's a new platform)

*VR:*
1. Have Firefox 10, or another browser which [supports A-Frame VR.](https://aframe.io/docs/0.7.0/introduction/vr-headsets-and-webvr-browsers.html)
2. *Make sure your VR supported browser is closed.* Not always necessary, but helps to prevent issues.
3. Start your VR headset (Boot up SteamVR, open Oculus Home, etc)
4. Open WebVR supported browser and load up [Slime-Freighter](https://horse-machine.glitch.me/).
5. Hit the button in the bottom-right corner to enter VR. Put on your headset.
6. Hold the center cursor over the start button.

*2D:*
1. Open a browser which [supports A-Frame.](https://aframe.io/docs/0.7.0/introduction/vr-headsets-and-webvr-browsers.html#which-browsers-does-a-frame-support)
2. Load up [Slime-Freighter](https://horse-machine.glitch.me/).
3. Follow on-screen instructions. If you have a mouse, click the screen to lock your mouse to the "VR cursor"(gray circle). This is the same cursor VR users will control.
4. Hold the VR cursor over the start button.

**Troubleshooting/FAQ:**

- Refreshing the page will fix many problems:
  - Buttons out of place/missing, not responding to click/touch/hover, etc.
  - Seems like not everything has loaded (sky is white, main menu is missing, etc.)
  - The "Click to use VR cursor" prompt showing up in VR
- The screen is just...white.
  - If you're on a tablet/mobile phone, this is probably a good thing. This takes a bit longer to load on mobile devices, so give it a minute.
  - If it still hasn't loaded, make sure your browser [supports A-Frame.](https://aframe.io/docs/0.7.0/introduction/vr-headsets-and-webvr-browsers.html#which-browsers-does-a-frame-support)
- Are those cones on the side of the road supposed to be streetlights?
  - If the streetlights aren't loading, [clearing your browser cache](http://www.refreshyourcache.com/en/home/) might help.
- Vive issues:
  - Cannot start SteamVR (app running):
    - Find your browser and call end process on it. Restart SteamVR.
    - If unsuccessful, close browsers and restart Steam.
    - Open browsers only after SteamVR has started up again.
  - Loading forever (from within VR, even if display shows up on desktop):
    - Refresh page and try again.
    - If this does not work, close browser window, reboot SteamVR, and re-open window.
- Performance:
  - Displaying the webpage on both your VR headset and desktop will hurt performance. Minimize the window on desktop or open another random tab instead.

List of devices on which this is confirmed to work:
- Vive running with Firefox 10 on Windows 10
- Google Chrome on Windows 10
- Google Chrome on Ubuntu
- Google Chrome on iOS
- Safari on iOS
- Firefox 10 on Windows 10

Mobile Devices on which it has run (no audio):
- Android Devices (Moto Z, Samsung Galaxy)
- iPad

Theoretically, it should work on Rift, Gear VR, etc as long as you follow [A-Frame conventions for getting WebVR to run.](https://aframe.io/docs/0.7.0/introduction/vr-headsets-and-webvr-browsers.html)

**Future Work:**
- Would like to add controller support, interactivity with elements
  - Allow users to affect color or motion of worlds using controller/cursor?
- Add "Infinite" mode to worlds

Commit message:

🗺🌦 Credit where credit is due

README.md, after:

# Slime Freighter

**What is this?**

This is a music video style VR experience made with [A-Frame](https://aframe.io). 
Currently it is not supported on mobile devices.

**Credits**
- Music: *Side of the Road* by [@BigBlackDelta](https://twitter.com/bigblackdelta)
- Programming, Direction, and Asset Design (except lamp from Google Poly) by Ethan Rabb

**Questions? Comments? Bugs? Job Offers? Cool Links? Angry Rants?**
- Email:  *algoraphics@gmail.com*
- Twitter:  [@algoraphics](https://twitter.com/algoraphics)

**How to use** (Sorry for non-trivial instructions, it's a new platform)

*VR:*
1. Have Firefox 10, or another browser which [supports A-Frame VR.](https://aframe.io/docs/0.7.0/introduction/vr-headsets-and-webvr-browsers.html)
2. *Make sure your VR supported browser is closed.* Not always necessary, but helps to prevent issues.
3. Start your VR headset (Boot up SteamVR, open Oculus Home, etc)
4. Open WebVR supported browser and load up [Slime-Freighter](https://horse-machine.glitch.me/).
5. Hit the button in the bottom-right corner to enter VR. Put on your headset.
6. Hold the center cursor over the start button.

*2D:*
1. Open a browser which [supports A-Frame.](https://aframe.io/docs/0.7.0/introduction/vr-headsets-and-webvr-browsers.html#which-browsers-does-a-frame-support)
2. Load up [Slime-Freighter](https://horse-machine.glitch.me/).
3. Follow on-screen instructions. If you have a mouse, click the screen to lock your mouse to the "VR cursor"(gray circle). This is the same cursor VR users will control.
4. Hold the VR cursor over the start button.

**Troubleshooting/FAQ:**

- Refreshing the page will fix many problems:
  - Buttons out of place/missing, not responding to click/touch/hover, etc.
  - Seems like not everything has loaded (sky is white, main menu is missing, etc.)
  - The "Click to use VR cursor" prompt showing up in VR
- The screen is just...white.
  - If you're on a tablet/mobile phone, this is probably a good thing. This takes a bit longer to load on mobile devices, so give it a minute.
  - If it still hasn't loaded, make sure your browser [supports A-Frame.](https://aframe.io/docs/0.7.0/introduction/vr-headsets-and-webvr-browsers.html#which-browsers-does-a-frame-support)
- Are those cones on the side of the road supposed to be streetlights?
  - If the streetlights aren't loading, [clearing your browser cache](http://www.refreshyourcache.com/en/home/) might help.
- Vive issues:
  - Cannot start SteamVR (app running):
    - Find your browser and call end process on it. Restart SteamVR.
    - If unsuccessful, close browsers and restart Steam.
    - Open browsers only after SteamVR has started up again.
  - Loading forever (from within VR, even if display shows up on desktop):
    - Refresh page and try again.
    - If this does not work, close browser window, reboot SteamVR, and re-open window.
- Performance:
  - Displaying the webpage on both your VR headset and desktop will hurt performance. Minimize the window on desktop or open another random tab instead.

**Where can it run?**

Theoretically, it should work on Rift, Windows MR, etc, as long as you follow [A-Frame conventions for getting WebVR to run.](https://aframe.io/docs/0.7.0/introduction/vr-headsets-and-webvr-browsers.html)

List of devices on which this is confirmed to work:
- Vive running with Firefox 10 on Windows 10
- Google Chrome on Windows 10
- Google Chrome on Ubuntu
- Google Chrome on iOS
- Safari on iOS
- Firefox 10 on Windows 10

**Future Work:**
- Would like to add controller support, interactivity with elements
  - Allow users to affect color or motion of worlds using controller/cursor?
- Add "Infinite" mode to worlds
